---
layout: post
title: My first demo blog post!
published: true
tags: markdown blog github Jekyll
---

### A project that I have longed for

Writing personal blogs used to be popular when I was young. I remember back in
the days, my parents encouraged me to write blogs to record my life, as like a
diary. However, I was a small kid who don't really know what he wanted to do. 
What I really wanted to do is to watch TV and kill the times.

My interaction with the Internet was quite simple at the begin, like every
teenager, I spent vast amount of time on social media rather than actual 
self-improvement. Who would study on the Internet, am I right? Jokes aside,
studying in college really gives me a chance to really use my skill in English
to gather information form the Internet, and I quickly found out that people
from all over the world posting their experience, study notes and even personal
stuff online... This, in the first time in my life, kindled my desire for
actually having a personal blog.

However, laziness is really a bane of mine, and I really could not be bothered
to squeeze more time out for this stuff. So does this project hold on pending
for roughly a year now. Yet I'm glad that today is the day I really could get 
myself together and finally get started.

The content I will post on this blog will majorly be 
    - study notes on some software packages;
    - random ranting about life I guess
    - ....
I think there could be more content, but let's talk about that another day.

So be it, this shall be my first post on this blog. Hopefully, I will post more
content in the future. 

Bye.


